so today we're going to be having a look
at the the G 9 and the g 9 X now I
grabbed both of these from inventory
thinking there might be some difference
between them now as far as differences
go you can see that they both have PC
USB connection they both have laser
tracking they both have nine buttons
they both have a tilt wheel they both
have full speed USB adjustable
sensitivity weight tuning hyper-fast
scroll and onboard memory they both
literally have exactly the same bullet
points down here the difference as far
as I can tell is that this has a
next-generation gaming laser featuring
5600 dpi whereas the old g9 uses an
older laser with 3200 dpi so we're not
even going to bother unboxing the g9
because it's exactly the same thing as
the g9 X except for the one small change
so let me see yeah
thirty two hundred and fifty seven
hundred dpi for the new one okay so
let's open up the g9 X here and get this
unboxing show on the road now the g9
original is actually my second favorite
mouse ever I use one at work and if
you've seen some of my videos you'll see
it on my desk there the one complaint I
have about it is that the middle of them
the scroll wheel is metal and it often
shocks me when I sit down at my desk but
what can you do the ergonomics are great
it's kind of a hybrid between a claw
grip and a palm grip and I find it very
very comfortable it tracks incredibly
well on a variety of surfaces and I
guess that's about as much gushing as I
really need to do I don't know if you
were able to read that while the
cameraman was looking at it but there's
a durable low friction corded braid
there's a corded braid braided cord
in-game sensitivity if you have profile
okay so these buttons right here you're
allowed to switch between four different
levels of dpi or sensitivity the back
and forward buttons are invaluable when
you're browsing the internet and they're
here or here then it comes with two
different grips so you can either use
the wider grip or the narrower grip
depending on the size of your hands
which is a great feature you can have
adjustable weight in the mouse I use
mine fully loaded up but not everyone
likes a heavy mouth so you can lighten
it up that way that's pretty much it
yeah okay so why don't we get
Oh dry grip technology this is stupid
again if you've seen the one in my blog
video is the one that's on my desk you
can see that the grip is totally coming
off the mouse and the reason for that is
because they use like this weird like
rubberized grip tee material that sort
of peels after a while and looks like
your mouse has leprosy so that I guess
would be my one complaint about this
mouse and I mean that's a fairly minor
thing in the grand scheme of you know
the world but that is my complaint about
the g9 mouse and the g9x seems to be
more of the same except better so why
don't we start with the accessory
package here let's get this opened up
first of all it comes with a user's
guide okay so that wow the user's guide
is actually really thick for a mouse it
seems to have about 300 different
languages no for sorry English Spanish
French and Portuguese of all things then
you've got the same information that we
found on the box how do you plug in a
USB port how to change the
interchangeable grips how to turn on oh
I'll have to show you this after the
micro gear precision scroll wheel so you
can actually press a button on the
bottom of the mouse and then you can
either scroll without clicks and you can
just flick it and it'll go for a really
long time like if you have hundreds of
lines in an Excel spreadsheet or you can
set it click it again on the bottom of
the mouse and you can have like clicky
clicky line-by-line scrolling okay tune
for the way you play oh yeah you can
change the color the LEDs on the top of
the most the one on my desk is pink but
you can change it to whatever you want
green blue brown set point 5.2 download
the latest off the Logitech website
they're always updating with new
features and stuff like that so you want
to make sure you're grabbing the latest
copy yeah here they're saying download
the latest g9x software blah blah blah
so that's pretty much what I just said
FCC compliance who cares
USB usage some USB hubs oh they're
saying this is a high powered Mouse so
basically you won't necessarily be able
to use it in an unpowered USB hub now
that brings me to some of the Gigabyte
boards that we've unboxed and have a
look at recently which offer their 3x
USB power feature so that means that if
you had a gigabyte board and you plugged
it into a hub it could easily run a few
of these mice even though you're using
an unpowered hub because there's
much more power coming from the USB port
so as I was talking about with the
general ergonomics of the mouse you can
see it's quite a comfortable grip the
the butt end of the mouse so to speak
sits in your palm but then you actually
grip the rest of the mouse with kind of
a fingertip grip so that's what I meant
by saying it's kind of a hybrid between
the two and it has a little groove here
for these two fingers and then a groove
here for your thumb and the back and
forward buttons are quite comfortable
and easy to reach on the side now at the
bottom of the mouse this is the micro
gear button where you can switch between
okay can you hear that so that's just
spinning and spinning and spinning and
then you can switch between that and
like a more clicky mode okay at the
bottom you can change the profile I'd
never do that I can't imagine why you
would these Teflon feet are great
they've taken forever in a year to wear
out I'm using it on an aluminum mouse
pad so they should be wearing out fast
but they're doing really well I've had
this mouse for yeah like well over a
year okay and then this button right
here there you go is for removing the
interchangeable grips so here I'm gonna
show you the other one as well so this
is the more slim grip I never use this
one mine is in like new condition but
should you desire to use the slimmer one
you just pop it on like that all the
buttons are still exactly where you
expected them but the ergonomics changed
quite a lot so I mean I guess if you're
more fingertip grippy you see it no
longer makes contact with the palm for a
comfortable grip on the mouse so it's a
user preference thing but you have to
take the tops off actually in order to
access the spring-loaded
wait cartridges so there we go and
that's another accessory that I haven't
shown you yet is the little wait box so
you can load it up with up to 28 grams
or any combination of for gram and seven
gram weights you can put up to four in
it at a time and then you just go in
there like that and I think that pretty
much concludes everything I wanted to
say about the g9x laser thank you for
checking out my unboxing and product
overview